Dear winner!
Over the years has gained enforcement authority and her extensive experience and success in treating high debt.
The short route to collect debts from customers have proved that personal care and proactive portfolio managed by the Authority manages collected.
We believe you have the right to return to the track!

Specifying alternatives available to you for execution alimony verdict:

1. Debt collection within the normal route
2. Debt collection during a child support

With the opening of the actual case you can choose which of the routes is appropriate for you.
To assist you in further details on two tracks.

"Standard track":
The case is conducted regular route as the other files that are opened in the bailiffs- the winner of the Portfolio Manager in alimony or through a lawyer.That means the winner or his representative decides, in its discretion, the opening of the case and taking proceedings against the debtor during the "life bag".
The file can be opened in any execution office you choose.
If you decide to be represented by a lawyer you should know that the winner is represented by a lawyer entitled to alimony case attorneys' fees as determined by the Registrar of the Execution.

"Alimony track" what is?
According to Amendment 42 of the Execution Tsc"z - 1967, it was decided to establish a "Alimony track". 
"Alimony track" is a track where the Execution Office performs the judgment alimony in your essential minimal involvement, the winner. Under this program, the Execution Office is working to collect debts alimony. Involvement, winner, procedure, required especially in cases where the debtor filed a motion requiring the reply or in discourse. An example is: the claim of "I paid" in which the debtor argues that comply with the ruling or need not comply; In this case require you to respond to the claim and if necessary to attend the Registrar.Usually there is no need for legal representation within the framework of foods, and therefore, as a rule, are not entitled to attorney fees.However, the Registrar of execution may decide otherwise in cases where he believes winning representation by a lawyer is justified in the circumstances.

How do I enter the track?
Alimony track established nationwide offices in the cities of Haifa, Kfar Saba, Tel Aviv, Jerusalem and Beer Sheva.
If you decide to file transfer orbit foods or normal orbit existing portfolio on track Foods,you can reach each execution offices to open the file.
The case will be transferred to the office of foods and managed there. However it will be possible to continue to submit documents and to receive information bureau which also opened the case.



